FUNCTION
This script automates the extraction of information about the GRB 
from the GCN circular and scheduling pages to generate the email to PIs. 

WARNING
Both the script and the template are currently tuned for AO-11 and will need to be 
adapted for each AO depending on the proposal numbers, the people that should receive 
the email, and the data rights.

USAGE
Step 1   Copy the text from the GCN Circular into a text file (e.g. gcn16004.txt)
Step 2   ./processGRB.sh gcn16004.txt
Step 3   Check that everything in the email is fine before sending

DESCRIPTION
The process involves 4 main steps: 

1) Extracting the info from the ciruclar, and define important variables for the email.

2) Getting the scheduling info for the relevant revolution, and determining in which 
observation the GRB took place.

3) Getting the details of the pointings for the correct observation, determining the actual 
pointing in which it happened, and calculating the angular separation between the pointing 
axis and the GRB position.

4) Generating the email to PIs using all the information that was extracted 
and stored in the essential variables.

The first is done by text extraction and manipulation methods. Getting the info is done 
using wget and manipulating the output in order to get the pertinent details. Some loops 
and processing of these info is also necessary, and everything is clearly commented in the 
script. Some actions also rely on external tools (calc.pl, whatrev.sh, GetRev.awk, datediff.pl) 
and my own java programmes Hms2deg and GetAngularDist. Generating the email is based 
on a template in which the key variables are labelled using braces and replaced with the 
appropriate values calculated or extracted, and defined as variables in the script.

The files created are:

- obs.csv is the result of the first wget query, and the useful part of it called 
- obs_dataOnly.csv
- pointings.html is the result of the second wget query, and the useful part of it called 
- pointings_dataOnly.txt
(which are removed at the end of the script)

and
- email_gcn16004.txt 
(where the part after 'email_' is the name of the input GCN text file
